Book delivery service
New academic year has approached. It’s time to say Goodbye to the old books and welcome the new session with new set of textbooks with new hope and enthusiasm.
Yes, as the final exams are over now, it’s the time to move ahead and begin the next academic year of the learning journey. New inspirations, new thoughts, new zeal will prepare you for the new academic session.
It’s time for the new textbooks to take the place of old textbooks in bags as per the set time-table. How do you make arrangements of the textbooks required for the new session? 
Do you purchase books from the school, buy from a nearby stationary shop or place an order online? All these options of getting books are not as easy as they sound. 
Though books could be made available through the school conveniently but often these are not available in the school stock. Moreover, the parents need to pay much more than the actual cost of the books as the school authority sell the books through mediators like vendors.
Though books could also be bought through the online portals but many online portals do not give the option of urgent delivery and takes good enough time for delivering the books. Few others give only the option of online payment and lack the option of COD, i.e., cash on delivery, which may be the most convenient way of payment for the parents.
Meratask,a renowned and reliable pick-up and delivery service provides a one point solution to all these problems. It will make all the desired textbooks available at your place on same day. Don’t get surprised!! It’s the truth. You just need to do the booking either through their website, i.e. https://www.meratask.com/ or through Meratask App and their team will deliver the books at your premises securely.So,all the students and their worried parents get deep breath and relax this academic session with the excellent services offered by Meratask.
